general:
    Most of the pages I added content to will need a formatting pass for things
    like the text color highlights and possibly some links.

demon_will/demon_will:
    "In the lore of Blood Magic...inbues its will into the bodies of the dead."
    What about living mobs, like Endermen and Creepers? Way gets authority, but
    my interpretation was that it's the imbued will of a demon that causes mobs
    to be hostile to a player.  "Neutral" mobs are those that are able to
    resist the effects, but not completely.
		That bit was all Way, actually! I didn't touch that bit of the original manual.

demon_will/soul_gem (and others):
    Thanks to Data Packs and modpacks frequently changing recipes, we may want
    to avoid mentioning the default ingredients in the text descriptions.  I
    mean, I did put in the extra effort to make sure this guide will show any
    altered recipes.
		I've had a bit of a look, but I want to keep the info for the Lesser Tartaric Gem, to point people towards the Blood Altar. Same for the Common Tartaric Gem - i do need to link the pages for the Blood Shard and Demon Will. At that point we're keeping the descriptions for more than we're ditching, so i'm kind of feeling like keeping them all would be best. I could remove them if we're sure hte 'shift-click ingredient to go to relevant page' is working for all of them; i'll check when I get home.

altar/blood_altar:
    Please mention that the first 1,000 LP you sacrifice will go to an internal
    "extract" tank.  That has caused a lot of confusion in the past.  "Why is
    my Blood Altar draining?!"
		Done, though I need to check and make sure the text doesn't flow off the edge of the page If it does i'll have to mention it elsewhere on the entry, or re-work the text.
	
    The Altar Pillars do not have to be "solid" blocks.  I think they can be
    basically anything.  The code says "not air."
		added.
	
	


altar/redstone_automation:
    I think this all is NYI.
		You're right. I'll add a note at the top and put a strikethrough effect on the rest of the entry. :p
			... on second glance, i already wrote 'also not implemented'. i'll still strike it out.

altar/slates:
    I think almost all of the text on this page can get nuked.  If that does
    happen, please make sure you update the "extra_recipe_mappings" at the top
    of that entry.  The number is which page it should go to when someone tries
    to find the recipe of that slate, and it starts counting from 0.
		Done. I've reworked the note about Etherial slates into an earlier page.

I only had time to get through the Demon Will and Blood Altars chapters.  I do
remember wanting to note something else though...
		Well, if you figure out what it is, let me know..!

utility/getting_started:
    Sentient Sword should be Tier-0.  You do not need a Blood Altar to use it.
		I considered 'make the hellfire forge' to be the end of T0, same as the 
        Blood Altar, personally. I've slightly re-worded T1 accordingly - what 
        do you think?
